DOCS-3607: Clarify key for sensor data ingestion (#4080)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data-ai/data/advanced/alert-data.md

> Examples:
> 
> When configuring triggers to fire on data inside a JSON object, such as data from a sensor's `readings` object, the key you specify is the key inside the `readings` object (without `readings`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring triggers to fire on data inside a JSON object, such as data from a sensor's `readings` object, the key you specify is the key inside the `readings` object (without `readings`).
For example:
```
[opt]

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="2 levels of nesting" %}}

> If your sensor returns readings of the format `{ "coordinate": { "latitude": 50 } }`, the key you would specify is `"coordinate.lat"`:

Reviewer: Would it not be this?
```suggestion
If your sensor returns readings of the format `{ "coordinate": { "latitude": 50 } }`, the key you would specify is `"coordinate.latitude"`:
```
